src/site/notes/_Digital Garden/Garden HomePage.md, before:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/digital-garden/garden-home-page/","tags":["gardenEntry"],"noteIcon":"1","created":"2025-04-05T12:33:00.069-04:00","updated":"2025-04-05T17:24:20.711-04:00"}
---

## Welcome! 

Welcome to the beginning of My Digital Garden

This is a series of random and sparce notes, intended for no particular audience but inspired by the concept of [[_Digital Garden/Rubber Ducking\|Rubber Ducking]] A problem. The idea being, even if I am explaining something to no one in particular, it can help make insight and deeper understanding more accessible.  If you find yourself here, and find any of these notes of any help at all, please don't hesitate to reach out and say as such.  This is a VERY lightly filtered version of what I'm thinking about, and harkens back to the old and weird internet where the interfaces were something you had to figure out and up to the proclivities of the individual coding the website. 

Part of the concept is to learn in the open, or work with the garage door open.  I offer courses and classes,  which I charge money for. If you're patient and kind you can likely find the same information here, much less curated, and likely a lot more difficult to follow, the intersection of commerce and creation are tumultuous at best.  

Now I would like to test the integration with ExcaliDraw  with the file

Commit message:

Update content src/site/notes/_Digital Garden/Garden HomePage.md

src/site/notes/_Digital Garden/Garden HomePage.md, after:

---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/digital-garden/garden-home-page/","tags":["gardenEntry"],"noteIcon":"1","created":"2025-04-05T12:33:00.069-04:00","updated":"2025-04-06T11:47:01.081-04:00"}
---

# Ryan Makes Physical Products to Explore the Joy in Building Things


Like many other people with a Digital Garden, I initially came across the concept through a [Maggie Appleton](https://maggieappleton.com/garden-history) post that gave the basic outline; 
>A digital garden is a collection of imperfect notes, essays, and ideas growing slowly over time. 


Below I give *my* take on [[What is a Digital Garden\|What is a Digital Garden]] but it's helpful to have the context from Maggie. 

Functionally these are non linear notes that represent the accumulation of knowledge. I will 
### What is a Digital Garden? 
The TL;DR is a digital garden is a space for a persons notes, ideas, and summaries. They tend to be more info than a typical social media summary, but importantly aren't chronological.  The brain is primarily a collector of connections, you learn things by associating and adding to previous knowledge. The Garden can be thought of a learning account of   but less than a blog post They're one step above personal disjointed notes, and one step below a blog, and importantly they're maintained, much like a garden the natural growth of the notes is encouraged, but the general shape and direction of the notes can and will be modified.  Much like a garden, you're welcome to wander, there aren't really any set directions to travel, except perhaps the desire paths I form while I make the notes. In the garden I tried to keep navigation as simple as possible. there are Buds, 

This is a series of random and sparce notes, intended for no particular audience but inspired by the concept of [[_Digital Garden/Rubber Ducking\|Rubber Ducking]] A problem. The idea being, even if I am explaining something to no one in particular, it can help make insight and deeper understanding more accessible.  If you find yourself here, and find any of these notes of any help at all, please don't hesitate to reach out and say as such.  This is a VERY lightly filtered version of what I'm thinking about, and harkens back to the old and weird internet where the interfaces were something you had to figure out and up to the proclivities of the individual coding the website. 

Part of the concept is to learn in the open, or work with the garage door open.  I offer courses and classes,  which I charge money for. If you're patient and kind you can likely find the same information here, much less curated, and likely a lot more difficult to follow, the intersection of commerce and creation are tumultuous at best.
